# Design Customizations

This resume design provides, for some kind of content, diferent locations and styles.
All this toggles are activated by `javascript` and are all gathered in the config file `theme-config.json`.

> Note: Whenever you change this file you need to rebuild or export again the resume.

Below is the content of the file:

```json
{
    "avatar": true,
    "sidebarSkills": true,
    "sidebarLanguages": true,
    "workDuration": true,
    "educationDuration": true,
    "watermark": true
}
```


1. `avatar`

   Will toggle displaying the user avatar (`basics.picture`)

2. `sidebarSkills`

   Skills could be located either on the sidebar in a more compact form or in the page as another regular section.

   By default is located in the sidebar but, if you change the variable
   to `false` the section will show up in the normal content (right pane).

3. `sidebarLanguages`

   Languages could be located either on the sidebar in a more compact form or in the page as another regular section.

   By default is located in the sidebar but, if you change the variable
   to `false` the section will show up in the normal content (right pane).

4. `workDuration`

   In the work section, whenever you fill up `startDate` and/or `endDate` the date range will appear above the job position. If you leave this variable as `true` then also the duration (endDate - startDate) will show up.

5. `educationDuration`

   In the education section, whenever you fill up `startDate` and/or `endDate` the date range will appear above the study tyepe. If you leave this variable as `true` then also the duration (endDate - startDate) will show up.

6. `watermark`

   For those proud of beign javascript developers, if you leave this variable to `true`, a subtle watermark will show up on the top right part of the same page stating this resume was generated by javascript.
